EZP-32239: ERP revision (#1307)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/erp_integration/remotepriceprovider.md

# RemotePriceProvider [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

`RemotePriceProvider` can contact an ERP system to get prices for one or more products.
To request prices from ERP, you must provide customer and optional contact number.

If the ERP system does not provide information about VAT, the VAT can be determined in the shop.
In that case the shop uses [VatService](../pricing/price_api/localvatservice.md) to get the `vatPercent` by the `vatCode`.

## Using customer and contact numbers

`RemotePriceProvider` uses customer and contact numbers from the price request.

> If they are not set, it uses the numbers set in the BuyerParty.

Author: ```suggestion
If they are not set, it uses the numbers set in the Buyer Party.
```

> If neither customer nor contact number are set, and template debitor is enabled in the configuration,

Author: "template debitor", unfortunately, is a domain term, see https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/guide/pricing/price_api/standardtemplatedebitorservice
